Hayden Smith  
214 Mitre Avenue, Park Hill, 3045 |  04501 123 456  |  haydensmith@email.com 
Page 1 
 
 
(Tip: Name, mobile number and email address are essential. Current address could be included 
especially if you live nearby. Ensure that it is clearly displayed) 
Career Objective  
I am reliable hard working Year 11 student seeking casual or part-time customer service work in a 
sports retail environment. Having played soccer for nine years and a keen all-round sports 
enthusiast, I am looking to contribute knowledge and proven communications skills.  
 
(Tip: A career objective isn’t essential, but it’s useful if you don't have much experience and can 
convey enthusiasm and motivation. Briefly summarise any work you have done, your strengths and 
relevant expertise and state how you aim to apply this to your career goal. Adjust the statement to 
reflect the role you are applying for.)   
Availability 
Monday – Friday: 4.30pm – 10.00pm 
Saturday – Sunday: 8.00am – 11.00pm 
(up to 20 hours per week) 
 
(Tip: When looking for part-time casual work, it can be a good idea to include availability. If you’re a 
student, clearly state the maximum number of hours you are able to work per week.) 
Key Skills 
• 
Customer service ability demonstrated when working efficiently in soccer club canteen. 
• 
Numeracy skills for cash handling tasks proven by achieving good results for mathematics 
subjects.  
• 
Highly developed communication skills shown by receiving positive feedback from 
supervisors after completing work experience.  
• 
Strong ability to work as part of a team developed through participating in soccer since the 
age of eight. 
• 
Demonstrated organisation skills as a result handing all assignments in on time. 
• 
Able to take responsibility and solve problems proven through umpiring and coaching.  
 
 (Tip: Include 5-9 key skills as bullet points that you like using and that are relevant to the role. When 
applying for advertised roles, match to any criteria listed in the advertisement. Use action words such 
as ‘demonstrated’ or ‘highly developed’ and then provide information about when, where and how 
you’ve used the skill through your studies, work experience, volunteering, sporting activities, etc.) 
Education 
Current  
 
Park Hill Secondary College 
 
Year 11 
• 
Subjects include: Maths, English, Business Management, VET studies in Sport and 
Recreation. 
 
(Tip: List your most recent education qualifications first including any relevant university degrees and 
certificates. Professional development such as short training courses, workshops, licences, forms of 
accreditation, and other training can be included but is usually a separate heading.) 
Work Experience  
 
 
Hayden Smith 
Page 2 
 
December 2016 – March 2017 
Park Hill Soccer Club Canteen  
Customer service (volunteer) 
• 
Served customers. 
• 
Handled cash including operating of cash register. 
 
June 2016 – February 2017 
Argo Newsagency 
 
 
Newspaper deliverer 
• 
Delivered weekend newspapers to houses. 
 
(Tip: Focus on most recent work experience first. Include your job title, organisation name and dates. 
Years and months can be included. Include responsibilities and achievements for each role.) 
Leadership Roles  
2016 – current  
 
 
 
Soccer umpire for under 14 team 
Park Hill Soccer Club 
 
2017 – current  
 
 
 
Assistant Coach for junior players 
Park Hill Soccer Club 
 
(Tip: Include any volunteering, community participation or leaderships roles.) 
Interests/Hobbies 
• 
Played soccer since the age of eight. 
• 
Keen spectator of soccer, football and cricket. 
 
(Tip: Including a section on interests can be useful if it’s relevant and active. Only include those 
interests which are relevant to the job you are applying for or those which demonstrate your 
proactive or positive traits.)    
 
Referees 
John Charles 
Coach 
Hill Park Soccer Club 
0456 789 101 
John_charles@hillpark.edu 
Wendy Stevens 
Year 11 Coordinator 
Hill Park Secondary College 
*Contact details available on request 
 
(Tip: If you decide to include referee contacts, notify the referee and indicate the type of roles that 
you will be applying for. You may also want to provide them with a copy of your resume. You can 
also simply write ‘Available on request’.) 
 
